This file describes how I thought and solve the tasks.

Task1. Plot restaurants across any place you like in Japan. 

The answer is made as "task1.html" file.

I determined to pick up Tokyo station in Japan as a sample direction of these tasks.
I used PlacesService of Google Maps API, and executed textSearch() to find the restaurants around Tokyo Station.
The keyword for query is "ƒŒƒXƒgƒ‰ƒ“", which means "restaurant" in Japanese.

Task2. Each restaurant will have at least 1 food specialty.

The answer is made as "task2.html" file.

In order to grab the specification of google.maps.places.PlaceResult,
I tried to dump the Place result with JSON.Stringify() function and read the technical documents.
Finally I found this document, which describes about PlaceType.

https://developers.google.com/places/supported_types?hl=en

I assumed "restaurant" you said in mail as "facility and building for taking meal",
not "facility which is given 'restaurant' PlaceType".

And so, I added if statement in createMarker() function.
If the place does not have 1 or more types in "bakery", "bar", "cafe", "food" or "restaurant",
It is taken as that it has no food specialty.
(I believe taking "bakery", "bar", "cafe", "food" and "restaurant" as "food specialty/specialties"
is a reasonable assumption)

Task3. A layer panel can filter the restaurant type to show.

The answer is made as "task3.html" file.

I confirmed the specification of Layer in Google Maps in this page.

https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/?hl=en#layers

I could not find the layer which is useful to filter the restaurants.
(Perhaps it can be implemented technically, but I could not find a good example of implementation in time)

Therefore I took an alternative way to filter the restaurants.
I created 5 buttons("filter ****" button) under the map.
When these buttons are clicked, filterMarkers() function is executed.
And the function sets visibility of each markers, according to the type of restaurants.

If "reset" button is pushed, all the markers will be visible again.

Task4. Each restaurant can keep track of the number of customers that visited.

Unfortunately, I could not make an answer for this task because of technical issue.
Please let me explain the reason why I judged so.

The information of Place which is available in the API is described below.

https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference?hl=en#PlaceResult

I read this document and confirmed the data dumped from JSON.stringify() function.
Even if getDetails() function is used and the data is fetched,
there is no properties which counts the track of number.
In other words, getDetails() function is not effective to get the cutomer track.

I have thought that Popular Times feature of google map could be an alternative mean.
(That feature indicates the time and popultaion as a figure)
But as of now, it seems that the API for Popular Times is not published officially.

https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/35827350

These are the result of my research and why I concluded there is some technical issues.

Task5. Customers can get direction to the restaurant from current location.

The answer is made as "task5.html" file.

In order to simplify the system, I assumed that the restaurant as a destination is fixed.
I implemented the functions which puts a marker on origin(current location fetched by getCurrentPosition() function).
Then by calcRoute() function, the route from origin to destination is displayed.

Task6. Draw a circle or rectangle on the map and and show the number of restaurants within the circle or rectangle.

The answer is made as "task6.html" file.

By google.maps.Circle, a circle with radius of 1000 meters will be put on the map, whose center is tokyo station.
When the circle is clicked, the number of restaurant in that circle will be displayed by infoWindow.